2. Depuis combien d’années utilisez-vous Java ?
2. Depuis combien d’années utilisez-vous JIRA ?
3. Depuis combien d’années utilisez-vous Framework Spring ?
4. Oui
5. Quel est votre niveau en Français ?
6. How many years of work experience do you have with C++?
7. How many years of work experience do you have with Embedded C++?
8. How many years of work experience do you have with Agile Environment?
9. How many years of work experience do you have with Jakarta EE?
10. Yes
11. How many years of work experience do you have with OnBase API and API integration?
12. How many years of work experience do you have with OnBase ECM?
13. How many years of work experience do you have with Microservice Architecture and designing Microservices for event-based solutions?
14. How many years of work experience do you have with Java J2EE Application Development?
15. How many years of work experience do you have with Cloud Deployments and Application Integration?
16. How many years of work experience do you have with different Cloud Platforms like Microsoft Azure/Google Cloud Platform (GCP)/Amazon Web Services (AWS)?
17. How many years of work experience do you have with .NET Application Development / .NET Framework?
18. How many years of work experience do you have with End-to-End SDLC, including go-live and post-production software/application support?
19. Depuis combien d’années utilisez-vous Spring Boot ?
20. Depuis combien d’années utilisez-vous Amazon Web Services ?
21. Quel est votre niveau en Français ?
22. Présence au bureau 2 jours semaine à Montréal ?
27. How many years of work experience do you have with Snowflake Cloud?
28. How many years of work experience do you have with Google Cloud Platform (GCP)?
29. How many years of work experience do you have with Amazon Web Services (AWS)?
30. How many years of work experience do you have with AUTOSAR?
31. How many years of work experience do you have with MATLAB?
32. How many years of work experience do you have with Simulink?
33. How many years of work experience do you have with Linux?
34. How many years of work experience do you have with Operating Systems?
35. How many years of work experience do you have with Python (Programming Language)?
36. Are you legally entitled to work in Canada?
Are you legally entitled to work in Canada?
38. What are your hourly rate expectations?
What are your hourly rate expectations?
40. Are you open to a 12-month contract structure?
Are you open to a 12-month contract structure?
42. Are you willing to complete an online IKM Assessment as a mandatory portion of the application process (usually takes 1hr-1.5hrs to complete)? It is an Embedded C multiple choice test.
Are you willing to complete an online IKM Assessment as a mandatory portion of the application process (usually takes 1hr-1.5hrs to complete)? It is an Embedded C multiple choice test.
44. Are you open to a hybrid job environment out of Ottawa, ON?
Are you open to a hybrid job environment out of Ottawa, ON?
46. How many years of work experience do you have with SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS)?
47. How many years of work experience do you have with Performance Tuning?
48. How many years of work experience do you have with Guidewire?
49. How many years of work experience do you have with Java?
50. Depuis combien d’années utilisez-vous DevOps ?
51. Quel est votre niveau en Français ?
52. Quel est votre niveau en Anglais ?
49. Depuis combien d’années utilisez-vous COBOL ?
50. Combien d’années d’expérience avez-vous en tant que Technologies de l’information ?
51. How many years of work experience do you have with Spring Framework?
52. How many years of work experience do you have with Angular?
53. Depuis combien d’années utilisez-vous Microservices ?
54. Depuis combien d’années utilisez-vous Apache ?
55. How many years of work experience do you have with PostgreSQL?
56. How many years of work experience do you have with Databases?
57. How many years of work experience do you have with SQL?
58. How many years of work experience do you have with SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)?
59. How many years of work experience do you have with SAS (Software)?
60. How many years of Financial Services experience do you currently have?
61. How many years of Banking experience do you currently have?
62. Will you be able to commute on-site at least one day a week?
Will you be able to commute on-site at least one day a week?
64. How many years of work experience do you have with Salesforce.com?
65. How many years of work experience do you have with Visual Studio?
66. How many years of work experience do you have with Microsoft Visual Studio Code?
67. How many years of work experience do you have with Microsoft Azure?
68. How many years of work experience do you have with API Development?
69. How many years of work experience do you have with Azure API Management?
70. How many years of work experience do you have with ETL Tools?
71. How many years of work experience do you have with Azure SQL?
72. How many years of work experience do you have with Ruby?
73. How many years of work experience do you have with Ruby on Rails?
74. How many years of work experience do you have with GraphQL?
75. Are you able to work in a hybrid capacity in Toronto, ON?
Are you able to work in a hybrid capacity in Toronto, ON?
77. Does your resume list all of the required skills needed for this position? Ruby, Ruby on Rails, GraphQL, AWS, API, will need to be displayed on your resume clearly to remain in consideration.
Does your resume list all of the required skills needed for this position? Ruby, Ruby on Rails, GraphQL, AWS, API, will need to be displayed on your resume clearly to remain in consideration.
79. How many years of work experience do you have with Spring Boot?
80. How many years of work experience do you have with Next.js?
81. How many years of work experience do you have with React.js?
82. Are you aware this is a position for 6-months only for contractors?
Are you aware this is a position for 6-months only for contractors?
84. How many years of work experience do you have with Azure Databricks?
85. How many years of work experience do you have with IBM Cognos Analytics?
86. How many years of work experience do you have with Active Reports?
87. How many years of work experience do you have with IBM Certified Developer?
88. How many years of work experience do you have with Node.js?
89. How many years of experience do you have with Amazon SNS ?
90. How many years of work experience do you have with Apache Airflow?
91. How many years of work experience do you have with Data Pipelines?
92. Are you able to go on-site to downtown Toronto twice a week?
Are you able to go on-site to downtown Toronto twice a week?
94. How many years of work experience do you have with Go (Programming Language)?
95. What is your level of proficiency in French?
What is your level of proficiency in French?
97. Quel est votre niveau en Français ?
Quel est votre niveau en Français ?
99. Quel est votre niveau en Anglais ?
Quel est votre niveau en Anglais ?
101. How many years of work experience do you have with iOS Development?
102. How many years of work experience do you have with Swift (Programming Language)?
103. How many years of work experience do you have with SwiftUI?
104. How many years of work experience do you have with TypeScript?
105. How many years of work experience do you have with FastAPI?
106. How many years of work experience do you have with Core Java?
107. How many years of work experience do you have with Shell Scripting?
108. Is it acceptable to you that the client expects the resources to be present onsite 3 times per week in Montreal?
Is it acceptable to you that the client expects the resources to be present onsite 3 times per week in Montreal?
110. How many years of work experience do you have with Redux.js?
111. How many years of work experience do you have with User Experience (UX)?
112. How many years of work experience do you have with Android?
113. How many years of work experience do you have with GitHub?
114. How many years of work experience do you have with Android Jetpack?
115. How many years of work experience do you have with JavaScript?
116. Your title
117. Company
118. I currently work here
119. Dates of employment
Dates of employment
121. City
City
123. Description